fundamental idea behind Bayesian optimization. Let's implement this in code. Okay. So we will see a couple
of implementations of hyper parameter optimization. One is using the optuna package. The other is using
g pi opt. So both are good. We will see both in this one. So for optuna, you need to first install
pip install optuna and scikit-learn. All right. So once that is done, I'll give you the link to the,
this, this particular data set or this particular notebook in the description, please use that link
to try to get this and try it out. First, we will import the packages optuna numpy pandas.
And from scikit-learn, we are going to be using the breast cancer data set. And we will also use
these also. All right. So basic steps. First, we will download the data, load the data set, which is
the breast cancer data set. We get the X, the features and the Y form the use strain test split to form
your X-train, X-validation, Y-train and Y-validation. Basic steps. Now, in order to do the
hyper parameter optimization, we define the objective function. This is the key. This is